September 20, 2016
Tired from boxing.
Last night I managed to tire myself out. Though annoyingly so I didn’t work hard
when I needed to. When I should have ran my hardest, I slowed down. I should
have had six more push-ups. I’m mentally weak. I’m not good at pushing my body’s
physical limits with my mind. If I start to feel pain I can’t just push past it.
I need something more to push past the pain. When I didn’t do well enough, I was
annoyed. With that anger and irritation I was able to run a mile in under seven
minutes. That was good, but I’m going to have to get better. I’m going to have
to get mentally stronger. Maybe that is the goal I need for this semester. I
need to just push myself closer and closer to my breaking point. I’m pretty
determined to not push myself so far that I throw up, but maybe I need to.
Part of what’s frustrating about being twenty-six and still in college is that
that people my age who went to college are already out and working. They’ve
started their careers. They are making money and they have the ability to have
nice things. A family. A dog. I can’t afford to live that lifestyle while still
in school. It’s kind of funny how I’ve learned what I want by not having it. I
lost something that I took for granted, and I’ve been reeling from that for
awhile now. I now see people just a bit older than me, and they have the
American dream. Or a copy of the American dream. They’re searching for it. From
my perspective their lives look beautiful.
America has turned into a culture of voyeurs. We watch our peers and the people
around us. I might interact with my friends. I interact with people I work with.
But the majority of the people around, I just watch. I make judgements and I
create backstories for them based upon their material possessions and outward
appearance. I don’t ask others about themselves. You want friends and to meet
new people, but normally you only talk to people you have met or run into
before. The group of people you fall into depends upon your schedule and your
schedule depends upon your job and social circumstances. I spend most of my time
either with boxing or EMT people. Not that it really matters. I’m trying to
graduate with a good GPA. That is my goal for May. I’m trying to stay in and
pass my EMT class. That is my goal for December.

Want and needs are different. Goals and the future and collapse into each other.
